[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Hola!
Here's what's new in
DevTools in Chrome 75.
When autocompleting
CSS properties
that take functions as
values, DevTools now
autocompletes the
meaningful values.
Back in an older
version of Chrome,
when I add a filter property
to document that body
and browse the
autocomplete values,
I don't see any changes, even
though the DOM tree shows me
that the property is being
updated in real time.
That's because each of these
values is actually a function.
For example, to blur a, page I
need to pass something like 5px
as an argument.
As of Chrome 75, when I
add the filter property
and browse the
autocomplete values,
I now see how each value
affects the styling,
because DevTools is
supplying default
arguments for each function.
When you want to delete
all site storage data,
you can now do so
from the Command Menu.
Previously, the only easy
way to clear all site data
was to open the
application panel,
go to the Clear Storage pane,
select what types of storage
to delete, then click the
Clear Site Data button.
Now, you can clear site
data from the Command Menu.
Open the main menu, click
Run Command, type Clear,
select the Clear
Site Data command,
then press Enter
to run the command.
You can control what data
gets saved or deleted
by unchecking or checking boxes
in the Clear Storage pane.
When you've got an
IndexedDB database
from a third party
on your page, you
can now inspect that database.
In this demo, I'm just embedding
MDN'S IDB demo in an iframe.
I'll set note title to tony
and note text to good cat,
and then click Create New Note.
On this older version
of Chrome, when
I go to the application
panel and then open
the IndexedDB pane to inspect
the database, I see nothing.
On Chrome 75, after
creating the same note,
I see the database as expected.
Also new in Chrome 75,
when inspecting databases,
DevTools now tells
you the total number
of items in that database.
When you want to view a network
resource's compressed size
versus its uncompressed , size
you can now do so by hovering
over the Size column.
Previously, you could only see
uncompressed resource sizes
when using large request rows.
For example, after I click
Use Large Request Rows,
I see two values
in the Size column.
The top value represents
the transfer size,
which is the total
amount of data
that was transferred
over the network,
including headers and content.
The bottom value represents
the full, uncompressed size
of the resource content.
If the top value is much
smaller than the bottom value,
then the server is probably
using text compression,
which is a good practice
because it speeds up page loads.
If the two values are the
same, or the top value
is slightly larger
than the bottom value,
then the resource is
not being compressed.
As of Chrome 75, you no
longer need large request rows
to view this data.
First, I'll click Use
Small Request Rows
to go back to the default view.
And now, when I hover
over the Size column,
I see the transfer
size and the resources.
Inline breakpoints can now be
managed from the Breakpoints
pane.
In this example, I want to
pause before Map is called.
So first, I add a line
of code breakpoint.
Then I click the
icon next to Map.
I don't want to
pause before props,
so I'll click to
disable that breakpoint.
I also want to pause
before createElement,
so I enabled that inline
breakpoint there as well.
In this older version
of Chrome, there's
only one entry in
the Breakpoints pane,
although there really
should be two, one for Map
and one for createElement.
Now, after creating the same
breakpoints in Chrome 75,
there's two entries in the
Breakpoints pane, as expected.
By the way, if you ever
need to disable or delete
all breakpoints, just
right-click the Breakpoints
pane.
If you prefer a minimal
UI when inspecting nodes,
there is now a setting for
disabling the detailed tooltip
that we introduced in Chrome 73.
After I click Inspect and
hover over this paragraph,
I see a tooltip containing
style information
about that paragraph node.
If you just want to hide
the tooltip sometimes,
you can hold Control or Command
on Mac to hide it temporarily.
If you want to
permanently disable it,
press F1 to open Settings.
Go to the Preferences
page, if not already open.
Go to the Elements section,
then disable the Show Detailed
Inspect Tooltip checkbox.
Now, when I hover over
nodes while in inspect mode,
I see a more minimal tooltip.
If you navigate DevTools
with a keyboard,
there is now a setting
to prevent the tab
trap in the Sources panel.
Right now, my focus is
on the Elements tab.
When I press Control, right
square bracket, or Command,
right square bracket on Mac,
I navigate to the console.
And when I press it again, I
navigate to the Sources panel.
When I try to tab
out of the editor,
it just indents
the code instead.
To fix this, press F1
to open Settings again.
Go to the Preferences
page, if not already open.
Go to the Sources section
and enable the checkbox
for Enable Tab Moves Focus.
Now, when I go back
to the Elements panel
and use my keyboard to
navigate to the Sources panel
and then press Tab,
my focus moves out
of the editor as expected.
By the way, there's
been a lot of work
recently around making
DevTools more accessible.
Check out Rob's Navigate
DevTools With Assistive
Technology guide to learn more.
Here's a bonus tip on how to
enable the built-in dark theme
that we've had since 2016.
Press Control-Shift-P or
Command-Shift-P on Mac
to open the Command menu.
Type "dark," and
then press Enter
to run the Switch to
Dark Theme command.
You can also access
this from Settings,
Preferences, Appearance, Theme.
Thanks for watching, and
we'll be back for Chrome 76
in six weeks.
[MUSIC PLAYING]